down there Biggs down their guards down
there rebel drills here we go rebel
drills rebel drills
rebel drills here we go here we go now
he bag down here now let's go let's go
need two lines on each end two lines
here we go two lines gorge to get three
guards can get three lines guards can
get three lines here we go here we go
ready in the stars in the Stars go close
it out Stewart close it out short
good good good we should have two lines
with the bags two lines with the bags go
here we go here we go here we go
plugs out working on our clothes outs
right here key to the defense having
great clothes outs having great clothes
on let's go let's go hey coaches listen
up coaches send them on your own send
them on your own coach can you send them
down here team at T mag you sent him
down here you need two lines down there
with the bigs here we go ready
close close out good jump off jump off
good good good here we go here we go
let's go to test a shot can test a shot
close hide your boss you'll get a rib
touch go get a rib touch here we go in a
stance guards in the stairs close box
out box out get a rim touch get a rib
touch let's go close it out short high
jump last time close it out short close
out hide your box go rebound it get cold
dead cold going right hey listen up
you're going on Coach Mac you're going
on Coach cane here we go ready
close it up short tuck out go go hard
hard dad dad dad dad ed both hands up
both hands up let's go go here we go
here we go hold up short
let's go press the ball don't a good
hard hard stare dad dad dead last time
last time here we go
last time go come on step close out your
jumbo shut up Dan yeah